Sherrie Martinez: Well, hello, hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you today.
Sherrie Martinez: I'm good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good. Listen, this Sherry. This won't take us very long. I just have to do a bio psychosocial with you.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, so the first question on the bio site wants to know what brings you the bright heart and why now.
Sherrie Martinez: And I came, I was trying to find somewhere to get help for my for Suboxone and I looked you guys up on nine and I found you. And it seemed like I'd liked it and why now because
Sherrie Martinez: I need it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Perfect.
Sherrie Martinez: I wasn't doing it. So I was looking at all your reviews and you guys have five stars. So I figured, go to the best
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome. Thank you very much. Do we have five stars.
Sherrie Martinez: I think four or five stars. I had a couple of all the stars are all gold size that I like this one, I'm going to check this with now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome. I didn't even know that. That's awesome. Um, can you tell me a little bit about your you're using history.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Substance and just kind of the progression to
Sherrie Martinez: Started when I started using I was out, I got an accident and probably 2007 and I started going to a doctor.
Sherrie Martinez: And he get he would give me a shot to my back because I really messed myself up. I couldn't even walk for a while and everything. And so he started getting the shot to my back. And then he started prescribing me really really strong.
Sherrie Martinez: OxyContin Oxycodone and then he got shot down
Sherrie Martinez: A friend, a shot showed me. I was really, really sick and in pain, and I had a friend. She showed me it heroin and she told me to try it, that it would help.
Sherrie Martinez: It was just like that. But then I wouldn't shoot it in my arm up shoe to actually apply notes first and then it wasn't worth doing the job. So I started actually shooting it in my arm and my feet in my arms.
Sherrie Martinez: And then I got an abscess not scared me so I got off of it. Yes, and I was sick. And then someone had shown me some Suboxone
Sherrie Martinez: And what am I said, you don't have to shoot it up. Nothing. You know, you just put it in your mouth. It worked. It was like a miracle. And I wasn't sick. I was fine. So then that's pretty much how it started.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just answered. Another question without me asking gives the next question was, you know, what is your pain level. And what was the precipitating event.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: around it. And so you just answered that question.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past treatment for you.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, I had been I had gone into
Sherrie Martinez: Into Las Cruces, New Mexico, a treatment center there cuz i had i didn't know about Suboxone so they put me on methadone. I didn't like it. So I got, I went on to treatment center to get off that and I did.
Sherrie Martinez: But then I still having pain and the cravings and I started doing a little bit of heroin. Again, I don't want to. I didn't like that. I don't like it just filling up the sickness.
Sherrie Martinez: So then
Sherrie Martinez: That's when one of my friends showed me this box and seems to be working fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good. So today. What would, what would you rate your pain level as 00
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Zeros doing its job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past mental health treatment.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh yeah, I have a, I have bipolar and I do have a doctor here in Santa Fe's Dr. Miller.
Sherrie Martinez: And yes, and I do see him for I was taking my bipolar pills. I didn't. They didn't seem to be working anymore. So I'm awkward. And I just, I'm okay. I don't take anything. I'm just okay with everything. Like, I don't know.
About okay
Sherrie Martinez: Counseling from him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay perfect, so you're seeing. And that was a counselor that already.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay. Um, any past suicidal thoughts or attempts
Sherrie Martinez: No, no, not at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past homicide attempts
Sherrie Martinez: No, not I had in the past years and years ago and like 2010 1111 then not not lately. No, no. It's been years since I've even thought about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: Any past. I think it's me.
Sherrie Martinez: Taking off coming off the metal and everything for the bipolar though that seem to make me want to do suicide more now that I'm not taking it. I don't even think about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past or current self harm putting or Bernie or anything like that.
Sherrie Martinez: What is it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So far I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're burning me no
Sherrie Martinez: No, no, no, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The next question is wanting to know that your family dynamics, growing up, if your parents stayed together your whole life. If you have siblings of. So how many. What was the family dynamics, I get home when you were growing up.
Sherrie Martinez: We were, we were fine.
Sherrie Martinez: With me my. Of course I have. I have two sisters and one brother, and yes, me and my
Sherrie Martinez: Colleague others don't come out to the streets.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, we would fight. Yes, we would fight and but we weren't. We'd love each other. Now we don't fight with the clothes and everything.
Sherrie Martinez: My mom died when I was young when I was 13 she died. And my dad raised us and but he did a great job. We did get our spankings but there. I would sneak out the window and go with my with the voice.
Sherrie Martinez: And so I get spankings when I get back. But I would just
Sherrie Martinez: And I just, he would catch me and he would just thank you. What about on my buttons, but not on my face or anything like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So no childhood abuse.
Sherrie Martinez: No, no, never like child like no, no. And there was never any sexual abuse and nothing like that and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're all just give you a spanking kids sometimes they get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On the bus.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, I just got my spanking.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, two siblings any mental health or substance abuse issues within your family unit.
Sherrie Martinez: Go to eat in song I'm on where I'm in the backseat. And I'm trying to get my son, some money before he goes to work. So that's why I'm keep on moving around.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay, I understand life happens you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any substance abuse and mental health with your within your family unit.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, did you muted.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, I can hear back
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you hear my question.
Sherrie Martinez: No, tell me again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any substance abuse or mental health and your family unit.
Sherrie Martinez: On my brother. Yes. My brother is he, what he went, he's
Sherrie Martinez: He's um, my brother is she does drugs. He does a lot of drugs, but I'm
Sherrie Martinez: Here.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay. Um, he saw no
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, just give that to him.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, sorry.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, so, um,
Sherrie Martinez: What was it again, don't call mom. She's
Sherrie Martinez: My by. OK, so my brother does drugs. I don't, I'm not around him, but he does that. The only other member in our family that does drugs is my younger brother. Okay. And he does. I don't know. I think he does quite a few of them. He always messed up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Sherrie Martinez: Then heroin. I think he does cracking math or whatever those things are the ones that make you a hyper
Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, okay. Are you currently in a relationship or married
Sherrie Martinez: No, I'm single.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And how many children do you have
Sherrie Martinez: I have for what two already grown with their own children that I have grandchildren and then I have my 18 year old that were just dropping off money to now my son for work and then I have my daughter Dallas and she's 14
So they're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Good ages.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You very much so. Okay, the next part of this is just wanting to know what it was like for you in school. When you're going through school. If you had a hard time if you had a learning disability.
Sherrie Martinez: You know, I had a I had a hard time I had, I was any different, like a vocational stop right here.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, we'll just give them to him later. Okay, though he is. He is card his car. He's
Sherrie Martinez: Okay. He has money. We don't know. Sorry. Sorry. No.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay. So yes, I did have, I was like in a vocational school cuz I got pregnant at 14 after my mom, I was pregnant when my mom died. And I was like, one month pregnant. So I did go into
Sherrie Martinez: It was like a vocational for pregnant teenagers and I was called will check in Santa Fe. So I did go to that to that school, and it was an I did have learning problems i get i couldn't focus. I wouldn't pay attention.
Sherrie Martinez: Um, and then I just dropped out by 11th grade because I had a baby and I have to take care of her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I understand that.
Sherrie Martinez: For me,
Sherrie Martinez: To go to school and
Sherrie Martinez: So I just stayed home with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: legal history.
Sherrie Martinez: Um, I get pulled over for speeding and then I wouldn't pay my tickets. So I'd get warrants and but I have been in jail because of that.
Sherrie Martinez: I wouldn't pay my ticket.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, so I wouldn't pay him so they would have words for me.
Sherrie Martinez: And I have to, I did spend some time in just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One week somebody
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, seven days. That's the longest
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any probation or parole or anything.
Sherrie Martinez: No, I'm not.
Sherrie Martinez: I'm not. I've only had misdemeanors.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And any financial stressors for you at this moment.
Sherrie Martinez: No, I'm doing okay. I'm okay.
Sherrie Martinez: Good not Richard anything but what I'm getting by with the kiddos. And a lot of help from my parents. So they helped me a lot. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good. It's good to have
Sherrie Martinez: Anything that the kids have food and they have clothes.
Sherrie Martinez: And stuff like that. And so we're okay. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. Okay. Have you ever been in the military.
Sherrie Martinez: You know, I wish, I wish. I wish I had a baby that young, I would have gone into the military.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I got you. Okay. Anything that you can identify that you would like to get out of working with bright heart. Besides, you know, the peace with pain management. But anything else that you can identify that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you'd like to get out of working with us.
Sherrie Martinez: Um, I like that. Um, what I get out of you guys is that you guys are pretty. I like that. I get to talk to you guys one on one instead of a whole group.
Sherrie Martinez: Which I don't mind groups, either, but I've done a lot of them. And it's pretty cool just to do it like this. And when I might getting out of you is I guess that I'm
Sherrie Martinez: Just these meetings.
Sherrie Martinez: Are a nice to talk to somebody about it that kind of understands that
Sherrie Martinez: They don't really judge me that I had that heroin problem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: And, you know,
Sherrie Martinez: They're not like, that's gross. Or, well, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not enough. Oh.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, yeah. And just, I just did. I'm glad I found you guys cuz I don't like heroin and I and I used to, how do you set want it. How do you get those feelings when you want it. I crave it but not anymore, not what this boxing. I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Die helps take away
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, it does take a miracle.
Sherrie Martinez: Job or whatever those things are they work very well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So besides going to group because you have to what Dr. You're working with Dr. Chris elements. So you'll be in group Fridays at 130 right
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, tomorrow. Yes. I see. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's I do that group with him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how often do you see your, your therapist.
Sherrie Martinez: Once a month because I'm doing all the right pieces and I'm doing bad or whatever, he'll do me twice a month, but I'm only going to him once a month.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you have the option to see to see me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Weekly bi weekly once a month to whatever that meant you know look like for us, you know, individual sessions like we're doing if you so choose to do so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is open for you because you do have a therapist. I don't want to step on his toes, but you have that option. And I just want to tell you that. And you can definitely engage with me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: concurrent with what you're doing with him, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, if you like. Definitely. We can on top of your weekly groups.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the longer that you're engaged in group and the longer that he sees your consistent pattern of attendance. The doctor. You know what I mean. Then he he'll be able to give you longer you no longer prescription, so to speak.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, no problem. I don't mind this at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, perfect. Okay, so I asked asked all the questions that were on her bio say any questions for me that you have
Sherrie Martinez: Not one question I filled out that one. It was a form I did you get it, it was asking about something that happened like
Sherrie Martinez: When I like stuff that happened to you, under, under the age of 18
Sherrie Martinez: And it was a question on phone Did you happen to get it because I did it like 10 times and it kept on asking me to redo it.
Sherrie Martinez: Like maybe. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I did find out. I haven't looked in your chart to see anything yet so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, what, what I do is I meet you first and I get to know you myself without any documentation first
Sherrie Martinez: Okay. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I want to get
Sherrie Martinez: A survey that I had to fill out.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, I don't have them weekly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you'll have them weekly. You always want to check in for group, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 20 to 30 minutes early, because you're going to have those. And that's how they monitor your progress through this program that's how they monitor that you're doing, you know, doing what you're supposed to do. It's how we get paid from your insurance company as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As you know, they want to know that you're doing good, and that you're staying on top of your stuff. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're going to have those little surveys, all the time.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, I don't mind it. I just don't know if I'm sending them to you guys, right, because I want this. I don't understand it. I mean, I don't know how to send things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Let me double check on that for you and I will get have an answer for you tomorrow in group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll address you and say, hey, I did find that survey that you did or no, they can't find that sort of all that you know tomorrow in group one way or the other. Okay, does sound like a plan.
Sherrie Martinez: That sounds perfect. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I will see you tomorrow and group and you have a wonderful day.
Sherrie Martinez: You too have a wonderful day.
Sherrie Martinez: Bye bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye.